**4. Explore http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniform_Resource_Identifier to learn more about URI, URN and URL definitions.**

In computing, a uniform resource identifier (URI) is a string of characters used to identify a name of a resource. Such identification enables interaction with representations of the resource over a network,
typically the World Wide Web, using specific protocols. Schemes specifying a concrete syntax and associated protocols define each URI. 
The most common form of URI is the uniform resource locator (URL), frequently referred to informally as a web address. 
More rarely seen in usage is the uniform resource name (URN), which was designed to complement URLs by providing a mechanism for the identification of resources in particular namespaces.

A URL is a URI that, in addition to identifying a web resource, specifies the means of acting upon or obtaining the representation, specifying both its primary access mechanism and network location. 
For example, the URL http://example.org/wiki/Main_Page refers to a resource identified as /wiki/Main_Page whose representation,
in the form of HTML and related code, obtainable via HyperText Transfer Protocol (http) from a network host whose domain name is example.org.

A URN is a URI that identifies a resource by name in a particular namespace. A URN can be used to talk about a resource without implying its location or how to access it.
The International Standard Book Number (ISBN) system for uniquely identifying books provides a typical example of the use of URNs. ISBN 0-486-27557-4 cites unambiguously a specific edition of 
Shakespeare's play Romeo and Juliet. The URN for that edition would be urn:isbn:0-486-27557-4.
To gain access to this object and read the book, its location is needed, for which a URL would have to be specified.
